Insight on Demographic Analysis:
1. For the gender feature, the churn rate between both genders is not significantly different. The churn rate for females is slightly higher, but it is negligible.
2. From my analysis, senior citizens are more likely to churn compared to younger folks. This could be attributed to the fact that younger folk has more need for a telecom provider compared to senior citizens
3. From my analysis, customers with no partner are more likely to churn compared to customers with partners. Also, customers with no dependents show a higher churn rate than those with dependents.

From the analysis of the demographic features, whether or not a customer is a senior citizen, and whether or not they have a dependent or partner appears to be more important predictors of churn.


Insight on Services used:
4. Phone services: Customers that use phone services have a slightly higher propensity to churn compared to those without phone services.
5. Also, customers with multiple lines show a higher churn rate compared to those with nine or those with no phone service at all.
6. For internet services, customers that use Fibre Optic have a significantly higher churn rate compared to those who use DSL or those with no internet service at all.
7. Customers with no online security, no online backup, no device protection, and no tech support show a higher churn rate compared to those with these services.
8. Lastly, streaming services are not good predictors of churn because the difference across the groups that use a streaming service or not is negligible.


Insights on billing method:
9. For contract, customers with a higher contract period are less likely to churn compared to customers with a lesser contract 
10. Churn Rate is higher for the customers who use paperless billing compared to those who don’t
11. Customers with electronic check payment methods are more likely to churn compared to all the other payment methods. It is also important to note that most customers (over 33%) of customers use the electronic payment method.


Insight on customer account:
12. Most customers that churn are seen to churn within the first 10 months of using the service.
13. Customers with higher monthly charges are more likely to churn than those with lower charges. Customers with monthly charges between 65 and 200 have a higher churn rate.
14. The churn rate is higher for customers with lower monthly charges